Barbie I can be a TV Cukor this is her
kitchen and there's a camera and the
fridge so let's see the fridge there's a
lot of items that you can use to cook
like Baker pizza these are cookies
pasta and some other accessorize for
cooking like this or days and all those
items like bubbles and kale six-seater
and there are also needs Fred different
menus that you can use for playing
and there are some mixer to that's
really works and this is the Barbie
he has big rabbit red cherry boots and a
little miniskirt made of jeans this kid
shirt and this hair band is little three
stretch urban um yes he also has a camp
cherry red ask a turbot and more
accessorized like um the spoon or the me
etc and the pork Exeter Sutra and salt
and oil and there's one more excited
thing about this game that is the oven
if you open it you see there's a cake
that is making but it's still not turn
but if you open it the cake turns down
and you can put it up
okay this is Barbie I can be a TV cooker
and well thank you for watching this bye
you